docs: update Maintainers section (#14202)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Homebrew-brew-Maintainer-Guide.md

- `CI / vendored gems`: This checks whether there was a change to the vendored gems on Linux that needs to be committed to the PR branch.
- `CI / test default formula (Linux)`: This runs `brew test-bot` on Linux to ensure it still works as expected.
- `CI / syntax`: This is run first to check whether the PR passes `brew style` and `brew typecheck`. If this job fails the following jobs will not run.
- `CI / tap syntax`: This runs `brew style` and `brew audit` on all official taps (note that although this runs on Linux, it does check all cask repos).
- `CI / docker`: This builds and deploys a new Homebrew Docker image to GitHub Packages and Docker Hub.
- `CI / test everything (macOS)`: This runs several checks on macOS including `brew tests`, `brew update-tests`, `brew test-bot --only-formulae --test-default-formula`, `brew readall` and `brew doctor`.
- `CI / tests (no-compatibility mode)`, `CI / tests (generic OS)` and `CI / tests (Linux)`: These run `brew tests` with various options on Linux.

> - `Documentation CI / linting` and `rubydoc`: These check the prose and formatting of the written documentation, and verify the [rubydoc API documentation](https://rubydoc.brew.sh) is built without issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Documentation CI / linting` and `rubydoc`: These check the prose and formatting of the written documentation, and verify the [rubydoc API documentation](https://rubydoc.brew.sh) can be built without issue.
```

Maybe? The actual website build is performed elsewhere and at a later time.

Author: True, although it won't actually return a failure until [`--fail-on-warning`](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/blob/d9ef4545282f0f98664594fb4991b9602a9f27ea/.github/workflows/docs.yml#L67) is enabled (and the failures it produces are fixed) — stay tuned.
